---
description: Reborn
---

# 🍀 v0.0.20.x series

This version series was the first sign that the entire kernel was improved to the point that it's been reimagined like never before. It was also the massive series that changed the world.

This series was the first series which got released on the year 2022. Since the first version which celebrated the fourth-year anniversary of the first release of Nitrocid KS, it has gained various improvements in different areas of the kernel.

It sported various groundbreaking changes, like the addition of the new screensavers, true color support, and much more that feels like the art inside the kernel has improved to fully use the 24-bit colors.

### Version 0.0.20.0

This version got to the point of having these abovementioned feature additions and many improvements made. This was the state-of-the-art!

#### Additions

* True color
* Added high customization
* Added new commands
* Added new screensavers
* Added new languages
* Added new themes
* Added notification borders
* Added manual page viewer for mods
* Added UTC support
* Added mod blacklist support
* Added support for POP3 (experimental)
* Added switches for commands
* Many additions

#### Improvements

* Updated libraries
* Updated the icon for Chocolatey installations
* Changed mail command name from lsmail to mail for relevancy

#### Removals

* Removed obsolete commands
* Removed AptErrorSim and HackUserFromAD screensavers

### Version 0.0.20.1

Facilities on the kernel got improved with the release of this version on March 2, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Fixed bugs in update facility
* Fixed debugger not accepting messages in Linux hosts
* General improvements and bug fixes

### Version 0.0.20.2

This version was released on March 13, 2022.

#### Improvements

* General improvements

### Version 0.0.20.3

This version was out on March 19, 2022 to make SSH automatically disconnect when exited.

#### Improvements

* SSH will automatically bail if disconnected
* General improvements and bug fixes

### Version 0.0.20.4

This version was released on April 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the debug symbol downloader to point to new link

### Version 0.0.20.5

This version was released on April 14, 2022 to improve the behavior of the screensavers.

#### Improvements

* Fixed race condition in kernel threads causing screensavers to stop with an error

### Version 0.0.20.6

This version was released on May 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes and improvements from 0.0.21.0

### Version 0.0.20.7

This version was released on June 10, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.22.0

### Version 0.0.20.8

This version was released on July 8, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes

### Version 0.0.20.9

This version was released on August 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported changes
