---
description: Go back to 2018!
---

# 👾 v0.0.24.x series

This version series was the only series that brought the API version v2.1. It added many features, including the command autocompletion for faster completion, shell presets to make your shells look more beautiful, RetroKS which allows you to run KS 0.0.4.0, and so on.

### Version 0.0.24.0

This version was released on August 2, 2022 to make all the above additions. This version was also touted to have restored the unit converter, this time, more powerful than before.

#### Additions

* RetroKS is back!
* Added command autocompletion
* Added new splashes (systemd, sysvinit, openrc)
* Added support for UESH conditions that require more than three arguments
* Added preview to saver settings
* Added new tests
* Added new screensavers (Indeterminate)
* Added new languages (SMS Message, Shakespearean)
* Added new themes (Ports from VIM community themes)
* Added shell presets
* Added new UESH conditions
* Added RetroKS!
* ...and more

#### Improvements

* Fixed wrong character for lower left corner in Ramp when the config is being created
* General API improvements
* General improvements and bug fixes

#### Removals

* No More POP3 as it's incompatible with ARM
* Removed obsolete Mod and Screensaver APIs
* Removed report bug prompt

### Version 0.0.24.1

This version was released on August 3, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Made message about running RetroKS on .NET 6.0 clear
* Meteor is now customizable

### Version 0.0.24.2

This version was the first version that was able to successfully run RetroKS on .NET 6.0 builds. It got solidified on August 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* RetroKS can now run in .NET 6.0
* RetroKS can now run for the first time again

### Version 0.0.24.3

This version was released on August 9, 2022 to be the first kernel version to be bootable from the bootloader simulator, GRILO.

#### Improvements

* KS can now be run in GRILO

### Version 0.0.24.4

This version was released on August 10, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Fixed false boot failure on GRILO
